Update go.mdx (#508)
open-feature/openfeature.dev: docs/tutorials/getting-started/go.mdx

       "github.com/gin-gonic/gin"
// diff-add
       flagd "github.com/open-feature/go-sdk-contrib/providers/flagd/pkg"

>        "github.com/open-feature/go-sdk/openfeature"

Reviewer: Oh, good catch! Thanks.

Revisit the endpoint [http://localhost:8080/hello](http://localhost:8080/hello) and you will see the same value.

<FlagdChangeContent/>

> NOTE: Remember to restart flagd service that running in Docker.

Reviewer: It shouldn't be necessary to restart flagd. Was this not working for you?

Author: Yes, it wasn't. Flagd container does not aware that flags.flagd.json file was updated.

> NOTE: Remember to restart flagd service that running in Docker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: You may need to restart flagd service iwhen using an operating system with limited inotify support.
```
